CoAP support for nRF Cloud REST samples (#23708)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-2 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0

> NCSDK-30050: The :re`f:`nrf_cloud_fota_sample` sample with experimental SMP FOTA support enabled crashes with a secure fault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-30050: The :ref:`nrf_cloud_fota_sample` sample with experimental SMP FOTA support enabled crashes with a secure fault
```
